feat!: require compound functions names in extension references (#537)
substrait-io/substrait: site/docs/extensions/index.md

| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Type               | The name as defined on the type object.                      |
| Type Variation     | The name as defined on the type variation object.            |
| Function Signature | A function signature compound name as described below.       |

### Function Signature Compound Names

> A YAML file may contain one or more functions by the same name. The key used in the function extension declaration to reference a function is a combination of the name of the function along with a list of the required input argument types. Optional arguments are not included in the signature. The format is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A YAML file may contain one or more functions by the same name. The key used in the function extension declaration to reference a function is a combination of the name of the function along with a list of the required input argument types. The format is as follows:
```

I believe we removed optional arguments.

```
<function name>:<short_arg_type0>_<short_arg_type1>_..._<short_arg_typeN>
```

Rather than using a full data type representation, the input argument types (`short_arg_type`) are mapped to single-level short name. The mappings are listed in the table below.

!!! note

> It is required that two functions with the same name must resolve to different compound names using types. If two functions in a YAML file resolve to the same compound name, the YAML file is invalid and behavior is undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every compound function signature must be unique.  If two function implementations in a YAML file would generate the same compound function signature, then the YAML file is invalid and behavior is undefined.
```

I'm not sure this new wording is better than the old wording because I think we are talking about implementations here (and not functions).  Though I don't like the old wording much either.  How about this as a compromise?
